---
type: "docs"
title: "Alpha Program"
category: "1-FAQs"
category_order: 2
---
# Private Alpha Program FAQs

## What is the Hummingbot private alpha program?

We have accepted a limited number of users who expressed early interest in the Hummingbot project, who will have early access to Hummingbot and be able to test and try out Hummingbot before we release to the general public.

## How can I join the private alpha program?

The alpha tester program is currently closed, so we are not able to accept any more participants.  However, we are planning to to release Hummingbot to the general public at the end of March.

## What data are you collecting when I use Hummingbot?

As part of the alpha tester program, we are asking participants to consent to sharing their Hummingbot usage data.  Data that will be collected and shared with CoinAlpha includes:
- Ethereum wallet address
- Commands sent to Hummingbot
- Trading data: orders created and filled
- Transaction data: token pair, price, volume

> **Important Note**: private keys and API keys are stored locally for the operation of the Hummingbot client only; at no point will private or API keys be shared to CoinAlpha or be used in any way other than to authorize transactions required for the operation of Hummingbot.

## Why are you collecting data?

- **Software improvements and bug fixes**: we are collecting data so we can identify bugs, problems, and see how users are using Hummingbot so we that can improve the software and make sure it is meeting its objectives.
- **Monitor market impact**: we are also collecting data so that we, along with our exchange partners, can monitor its impact on market liquidity.
- **Exchange incentives for Hummingbot**: certain exchange partners are helping to support the development of Hummingbot by providing development grants and incentives based on trade volume generated by users of Hummingbot.

## Can I opt-out of sharing my usage data?

The ability to opt-out of data sharing will be available when we make Hummingbot generally available, but not the private alpha program.  We are developing this feature and will add it to the public release.  If you are part of the alpha program and do not want to share your usage data, you will have to wait until the general public release version is available.

## Where can I get support for Hummingbot?  Where can I report issues?  Where can I suggest comments?

You can join the official [Hummingbot Discord server](https://discord.hummingbot.io) and request to join the private alpha testers channel.  You can also reach us by email on [support@hummingbot.io](mailto:support@hummingbot.io).
