# Release Notes - Version 0.25.0

🚀 Welcome to `hummingbot` version 0.25.0! In this release, we continued working on the stability of Liquidity Mining backend, scaling/optimizing the infrastructure for quicker updates and incrased capacity. There are also major improvements in pure market making strategy including inventory skew, status outputs, hanging order mode, and filled order delays.


## 📊 Improved pure market making strategy

We've made major improvements to this strategy for safety / risk mitigation to make it more stable and robust against market volatility.

### Status output

We made some changes to how the `status` is displayed which helps users when market making.

* Added market trading pair's mid price
* Changed `is_buy: True/False` to `Type: sell/buy` for active orders
* Added spread to show the order's spread from the mid price
* Added duration of how long orders are outstanding from the time when created
* Indicator if the active order is a hanging order


### Default order refresh time and filled order delay

We changed the default values of the following parameters to make them safer for new users:

* `cancel_order_wait_time`: from 60 to 30 seconds
* `filled_order_replenish_wait_time`: from 10 to 60 seconds

### Inventory skew

We changed the inventory skew algorithm to a better behaved one to limit the user's trading exposure within a defined range. This prevents users from being over-exposed from the risks of a single side of the trade when the market keeps hitting limit orders on one side only.

More information can be found in our documentation for [Inventory Skew](/strategies/advanced-mm/inventory-skew) with sample scenarios.

### Hanging orders

Hanging orders are now tracked as active orders when sending the `status` command. These orders will get cancelled after sending the `stop` or `exit` command. Also, users can now specify through `cancel_hanging_order_pct` to cancel hanging orders when their spreads are above a certain value.

Read through [Hanging Orders](/strategies/advanced-mm/hanging-orders) in our documentation for more information.


## 🚰 Memory leak fixed

We applied a patch that reduces two major sources of memory leak that results to Hummingbot crashing or getting killed. There is a small leak left and we advise to not `stop` and `start` the bot before running it long-term. This appears to elevate memory usage and cause the bot to crash more frequently.


## 🐞 Other bug fixes

Thanks to everyone who reported bugs! **Note that we pay [bug bounties](/bounties/bug-bounty-program) to anyone who reports a bug that we end up fixing.**

* Fixed Hummingbot resetting to a command line screen when errors are shown: [#1519](https://github.com/CoinAlpha/hummingbot/issues/1519)


## ⚙️ Miscellaneous updates

* Miner's app now supports other wallets like WalletConnect, Coinbase Wallet, Ledger
* Minimum order amount validation now applies to `order_start_size` prompt in multiple order mode
* Start command no longer does anything while the strategy is running and will show a warning message


## 🚀 Coming soon

Here's what we currently working on that we expect to ship in the next 2-8 weeks:

* Miner leaderboards
* Additional program statistics (e.g. slippage and liquidity metrics)
* [Bitfinex](https://www.bitfinex.com/) connector (in progress [#1482](https://github.com/CoinAlpha/hummingbot/pull/1482))
* [Kraken](https://www.kraken.com/) connector (in progress [#1454](https://github.com/CoinAlpha/hummingbot/pull/1454))
* [HitBTC](https://hitbtc.com/) connector (in progress [#1224](https://github.com/CoinAlpha/hummingbot/pull/1224))