# Release Notes - Version 0.34.0

## New Exchange Connector: dYdX

Hummingbot now supports [dYdX](https://dydx.exchange/) exchange! dYdX describes itself as a full-featured decentralized exchange (originating from the US) for spot and margin trading. dYdX is built on Ethereum, and launched at the beginning of May 2019 with spot and margin trading on ETH-DAI. dYdX claims to offer one of the most liquid order books across decentralized exchanges.

dy/dx is compatible with the [pure market making](/strategies/pure-market-making/), [cross-exchange market making](/strategies/cross-exchange-market-making/), and [arbitrage](/strategies/arbitrage/) strategies.

Read more about how to use the dYdX connector [here](/spot-connectors/dydx/).

## New Protocol Connector: Uniswap

[Uniswap](https://uniswap.org/) is a protocol on Ethereum for swapping ERC20 tokens. Unlike most exchanges, which are designed to take fees, Uniswap is designed to function as a public good — a tool for the community to trade tokens without platform fees or middlemen.

Uniswap is compatible with the [amm-arb](/strategies/amm-arb/) strategy, as well as user-created strategies.

Read more in our documentation how to use the connector [here](/protocol-connectors/uniswap).

## New Protocol Connector: Terra

The [Terra Protocol](https://terra.money/) is the creator of the Luna Token, Terra Core, and the blockchain payment solution CHAI. The design of the Terra Protocol is based on two things: stability and adoption by e-commerce platforms.

It runs on a Tendermint Delegated Proof of Stake algorithm and Cosmos SDK. It is aimed at becoming a new worldwide financial infrastructure on which different DApps can be created.

Terra is compatible with the [amm-arb](/strategies/amm-arb/) strategy, as well as user-created strategies.

Read more in our documentation how to use the connector [here](/protocol-connectors/terra).

!!! warning
    Currently [dydx](/spot-connectors/dydx/), [terra](/protocol-connectors/terra) and [loopring](/spot-connectors/loopring/) don't work on Binary Installers. It can only be used when running Hummingbot from source or with Docker.

## Improvements to AMM Arbitrage strategy

In this release, we have made substantial improvements to the `amm-arb` strategy that can be used to arbitrage between AMM protocols and order book exchanges:

- [#2672](https://github.com/CoinAlpha/hummingbot/issues/2672): Dynamically calculate gas price into Balancer
- [#2734](https://github.com/CoinAlpha/hummingbot/issues/2734): Correctly add gas cost to Ethereum transactions
- [#2694](https://github.com/CoinAlpha/hummingbot/issues/2694): Poll for Ethereum transactions from Hummingbot

We have also simplified the installation script for the Gateway module to pull specific values from the user's Hummingbot installation automatically.

## Improvements to Perpetual Market Making strategy

In the last release, we released the [Binance Futures connector](/derivative-connectors/binance-futures/) and an experimental [perpetual market making](https://docs.hummingbot.io/strategies/perpetual-market-making/) strategy.

In this release, we have added more features to the strategy to automate created positions. Users can now set a **take profit** price as well as a **trailing stop** price for created positions.

## New commands: `open_orders`, `pnl`, `trades`

For users participating in Liquidity Mining, these new commands are helpful when running Hummingbot on multiple pairs.

The [`open_orders`](/operation/checking-status/#open_orders) command displays all current open (active) orders that the bots have placed across all markets. The [`pnl`](/operation/checking-status/#pnl) command lets users see all trade profits and losses across all markets normalized in USD. And [`trades`](/operation/checking-status/#trades) command lets users see the trades across all markets in more detail.

## New PMM parameter: `max_order_age`

We added a new parameter called `max_order_age` to the pure market-making strategy. This parameter refreshes orders that are older than the number of seconds defined in this parameter and keeps their original status (active or hanging).

We added this parameter to help users who participate on Hummingbot Miner consistently earn rewards since Miner has a 30-minute order limit.

By default, `max_order_age` is set at 1800 (30 minutes).

## Pause and Resume Functionality

Users can now pause a running strategy using the command `exit --suspend`. This allows the bot to stop while keeping the hanging orders in the order book. To resume, run the command `start --restore`.

## Aggregate Trade Data Collection

To sustain the development of the open-source Hummingbot client, we partner with exchanges and protocols to build connectors and/or strategies. These partners need actionable data to convince their stakeholders and community members that a Hummingbot integration is worth the investment. Since the Hummingbot client doesn’t collect any data, we currently can't answer these questions well and rely on guesstimates based on volume measured on the Hummingbot Miner platform.

For these reasons, in this release, a “heartbeat” data collection mechanism will be implemented. "Heartbeat" will send aggregate trade volume data to Hummingbot servers every 15 minutes. We hope you understand that this mechanism will vastly improve the Hummingbot ecosystem in the long run.

If you have any questions, please don't hesitate to reach out to anyone from the core team via Discord or email. Thank you again for your support.

!!! warning
    The data will be neither accessible nor sold to any third party, your personally identifiable data will not be collected.

Learn more: https://hummingbot.io/blog/2020-12-aggregate-trade-data-collection-notification/

## Bug Fixes

- [#2318](https://github.com/CoinAlpha/hummingbot/issues/2318): Websocket connection issues on Crypto.com connector
- [#2472](https://github.com/CoinAlpha/hummingbot/issues/2472): Bot keeps looping on canceling orders on Crypto.com connector
- [#2539](https://github.com/CoinAlpha/hummingbot/issues/2539): Kraken: Unexpected error in user stream listener loop
- [#2569](https://github.com/CoinAlpha/hummingbot/issues/2569): Bot unable to display both open positions
- [#2573](https://github.com/CoinAlpha/hummingbot/issues/2573): binance_perpetual_testnet price_source external_market does not seem to work
