# Release Notes - Version 0.38.0



_Released on April 6, 2021_

- **Download Installer**: [Windows](https://dist.hummingbot.io/hummingbot_v0.38.0_setup.exe) | [macOS](https://dist.hummingbot.io/hummingbot_v0.38.0.dmg)
- **Install via Docker**: [Linux](/installation/linux/#install-via-docker) | [Windows](/installation/windows/#install-via-docker) | [macOS](/installation/mac/#install-via-docker)| [Raspberry Pi](/installation/raspberry/)

---

## New Exchange Connector: DigiFinex

Hummingbot has added more exchanges in this release and is planning to add a lot more exchanges this year! Hummingbot now supports [DigiFinex](https://www.digifinex.com/en-ww) connector. DigiFinex is the world's top 10 crypto exchange by trading volume and liquidity, offering spot, leverage, perpetual swap trading, and fiat to crypto trading. DigiFinex is widely loved for being stable, secure, and easy to use.

DigiFinex is compatible with [pure market making](https://docs.hummingbot.io/strategies/pure-market-making/), [cross-exchange market-making](/strategies/cross-exchange-market-making/), [arbitrage](/strategies/arbitrage/), [amm arbitrage](/strategies/amm-arb/), and [spot perpetual arbitrage](/strategies/spot-perpetual-arb/).

Read more about how to use the DigiFinex connector [here](/spot-connectors/digifinex/).

## New Exchange Connector: HitBTC

We are glad to present to you that Hummingbot now supports [HitBTC](https://hitbtc.com/) exchange! HitBTC, founded in 2013 by experienced system architects and technology experts, is one of the oldest and fastest-growing crypto exchanges in existence. With an unparalleled track record of reliability, HitBTC offers clients a comprehensive range of services that are accented by our smooth order execution, state-of-the-art trading terminal, and unmatched liquidity. HitBTC exchange is the largest spot trading market in the industry, with over 800 trading pairs and 500+ spot instruments supported, including Bitcoin, Ethereum, EOS, Litecoin, Tron, and others.

HitBTC is compatible with [pure market making](https://docs.hummingbot.io/strategies/pure-market-making/), [cross-exchange market-making](/strategies/cross-exchange-market-making/), [arbitrage](/strategies/arbitrage/), [amm arbitrage](/strategies/amm-arb/), and [spot perpetual arbitrage](/strategies/spot-perpetual-arb/).

Read more about how to use the HitBTC connector [here](/spot-connectors/hitbtc/).

## New Exchange Connector CoinZoom

[CoinZoom](https://www.coinzoom.com/) is an institutional-grade digital currency trading platform that uses the team’s vast experience in providing superb trade quality and customer-focused tools and technology to help our customers to become successful digital currency traders. CoinZoom will offer services in Buying, Selling, and Trading Bitcoin, Ripple, Ethereum, and other top digital currency pairs. In addition, our decades of experience in financial technology security are equally important in safeguarding customer funds and customers’ digital currency positions.

The CoinZoom team has extensive global exchange and trading experience and proven capabilities of designing, building, and operating a global financial services company. We have “done this before” in foreign exchange markets and use our know-how to create a reliable, safe, compliant, and innovative digital currency exchange.

CoinZoom is compatible with [pure market making](https://docs.hummingbot.io/strategies/pure-market-making/), [cross-exchange market-making](/strategies/cross-exchange-market-making/), [arbitrage](/strategies/arbitrage/), [amm arbitrage](/strategies/amm-arb/), and [spot perpetual arbitrage](/strategies/spot-perpetual-arb/).

Read more about how to use the CoinZoom connector [here](/spot-connectors/coinzoom/).

## Bitmax connector changed to AscendEx

We have updated Bitmax to AscendEx in line with the exchange’s change in the brand name. It has been updated in the client and also in the documentation.

Learn more about it [here](/spot-connectors/ascend-ex/)

## Introducing the new Avellaneda Market Making strategy (Beta)

The new Avellaneda Market Making strategy is designed to maintain inventory ratios between trading pairs given min/max spread restrictions by the user while at the same time maximizing profitability.

This is the first (of many to come!) strategies based on an academic paper aiming to use industry-standard market-making algorithms to achieve the highest profit while keeping control of inventory
It comes in 2 modes:

- Beginner (Where the user leaves algorithm to automate parameters)
- Expert for more technical users who want to try different approaches.

Learn more about the new strategy [here](/strategies/avellaneda-market-making/)

## Introducing the new Rate Oracle feature

In this release, we introduce to the users the rate oracle feature. This new feature provides a real-time, most up-to-date exchange rate on any given token or currency from a reliable and trustworthy data source.

If enabled, the bot will use a real-time conversion rate from the oracle when the trading pair symbols mismatch. For example, if markets are set to trade for LINK-USDT and LINK-USDC, the bot will use the oracle conversion rate between USDT and USDC.

Rate Oracle is compatible with [cross-exchange market-making](/strategies/cross-exchange-market-making/), [arbitrage](/strategies/arbitrage/).

Learn more about the feature [here](/features/rate-oracle/).

## New global configuration: `autofill_import`

The new global configuration lets you choose from `start` and `config` when importing a strategy already created.

Learn more about it [here](/operation/config-files/#autofill-import).

## Bug Fixes

- [#3011](https://github.com/CoinAlpha/hummingbot/pull/3011) When using `inventory_cost`, the bot will prompt for the `inventory_price` as well
- [#3135](https://github.com/CoinAlpha/hummingbot/pull/3135) Fix Binance `perpetual_market_making` funding payment function
- [#3151](https://github.com/CoinAlpha/hummingbot/pull/3151) Fix reverse `perpetual_market_making` long and short profit spreads and logs
- [#3056](https://github.com/CoinAlpha/hummingbot/pull/3056) Fix sort exchanges alphabetically in the create autocomplete
- [#3073](https://github.com/CoinAlpha/hummingbot/pull/3073) Fix Beaxy float rounding
